---
tags: [reviews]
---
# Lonely is the muse
Stripped version of "Colours" have turned me into a Halsey admirer ever since I tuned into its tune and lyrics. 
> "You're ripped at every edge but you're a masterpiece, And now you're tearing through the pages and the ink".

At one point I used to think No one could describe my feelings- or rather, tendencies- better than her metaphors. While her last album "If I can't have Love, I want Power" was an absolute staple on repeat, a grand gesture for the innermost struggles. With each track companion to those moments of self-reflection, It brought fourth a comfort in the discomfort, a certain sort of terror of thoughts that it reflected. It was, in every sense, a perfect album that made a commendably strong statement.

Yet, it's follow up with "The Great Impersonator", an album so raw after such an ostensious display of her desire for dominion and chaos, of what you truly yearn for, a deliberate dismantling of the feigned power that one simply cannot hold onto. A sentiment that resonates so deeply with me, I can scarcely articulate it. This album is personal, uncomfortable, painful and sad. It's dreadfully, unbearably sad for how raw and real it is. Stricking such chords, it’s almost inevitable that I write a note on my perception of it. A perception and not a ranking for it's not of my caliber to put such a personal work to rank. 

<iframe style="border-radius:12px" src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/album/4C23ofFqNhsaAEkThw2yRB?utm_source=generator" width="80%" height="352" frameBorder="0" allowfullscreen="" allow="autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; fullscreen; picture-in-picture" loading="lazy"></iframe>

1. Only Living Girl in LA
2. Ego
3. Dog Years 
4. Letter to God (1974)
5. Panic Attack 
6. The End 
7. I Believe in Magic
8. Letter to God (1983)
9. Hometown
10. I Never Loved You 
11. Darwinism
12. Lonely is the Muse
13. Arsonist
14. Life of the Spider (Draft)
15. Hurt Feelings
16. Lucky
17. Letter to God (1998)
18. The Great Impersonator
