---
tags: Others
---
# "Can I get you something for your acne?"
Dw, it's a PCOS, how-to-deal-with-it post with skincare 101, as it's all too frustrating choosing between those BS and not-so-bs advice, and a step-up from the basic Google, Healthline info consolidating Reddit with research paper findings.
<br>

Honestly, I'm just tired and exhausted because, being a girl, they expect you to be so perfect all the time, and some just so effortlessly are, and I happened to be on the unlucky end.

Adding on, there's never a good news for us out there. I have no clue why medicine for women is still not a priority. Our bodies are different, and there's a lot going on underneath. Yet still, There's a lack of research and practices with all those gruesome archaic techniques where everyone just basically tells us to Suck it up, including women themselves. 

As an Indian, the way it's considered so taboo to even raise these topics and being judged so hard on your looks. A double middle finger to the society for being this way and making it even harder that it already is. Every random person on the street with their prying eyes and generic suggesions with no compassion, Resistance of parents to have their kid examined by a gynec at a young age and doctors blaming you for not being fit, It's all so fucked up. Lack of information, openness and support while dealing with the people and the issues takes a toll on the your very sense of self. 
While I write primarily for PCOS, the line isn't that clear and the issues more or less overlap. 
<p>
This is my attempt at normalising imperfections with an approach that doesn't make one feel trapped in a body that they're told isn't up to the mark, which is so common growing up; I wish someone would have laid it out for me. If anything, I'm trying document my own findings to decipher what works for me.
</p>

#### A Brief of what I plan to cover in this series, 
I. The Internal Factors and Causes
- Your Reproduction Cycle and Symptoms check. 
- Importance of Diet intake, Physical exercises
- Intermittent fasting
- On Stress, Depression and Eating disorders
- Getting those hormones in check

II. Maintaining Oneself - The alternatives that go a long way. 
- Gynecs, Birth control and Hormonal Pills 
- Isotretinoin
- Exfoliate, Moisturise, Protect.
- THE HAIRS, they're everywhere 😭
- Shaving, Creams, Waxing, Epilating and EXFOLATION
- Lasers and "the permanent solutions"

III. Being Happy and making peace. (I'm pretty sure we all know why it needs a section of its own).

#### Point to note, <br>
I'm just a girl who's 20, one who does not hold a degree in dermatology, nutrition or even basic medicine and hasn't cracked it all herself. 

I just happened to have an interest in medicine and, among others, what goes on inside, and I've done my research on all that I write here, with blunt truths and some experimentations. (which is why it's in a blog and not a research paper.)

Also, Not everything works for everyone; ultimately, you need to find what works for you. Plus, There's just too much, so I'll keep tweaking and updating it along the way.

A special appreciation for all my PCOS girlies and everyone who struggles with their feminity out there, because we be tolerating a lot.

Keeping a tab on good resources, 
1. [The PCOS Post: Hormonal Havoc From Hyperinsulinemia](https://www.tuitnutrition.com/2019/06/pcos.html) - God post for PCOS, hail Amy and the Reddit user who did the holy deed of putting it out there.